(Some) Outstanding bugs:
------------------------

Make a fun ectoplasm disease from haunting?

Add a chance for loot to get destroyed during fighting.

Items that are non-lootable (item.lootable = False, currently, Memento) should not be generated by events that generate loot for a group.
   -This is still not *quite* correct (we could imagine some kind of magic item that permanently attaches to someone's hand and becomes non-lootable).

Oversight for looting items--certain items should provide value even when looted and nonstackable. That is, looting a rifle when already holding a rifle should loot _ammo_. This is not something that the current system takes into account at all (and ammo is a special snowflake implementation by the rifle item)

Certain group events only can force lover kills if the lovers are the only people involved.

It is possible to get multiple dossiers for the same person. Is this okay?

Add more evening events 
    - marshmallows with campfires? increase happiness or somesuch stats maybe

Observed very rare bug where the sponsors force 2 contestants to fight when there is only one contestant alive. Unclear how this was possible, but I didn't manage to capture the state.

Molotov cocktail should destroy loot.

Stealing items event

Dorryza (Hypothermic) managed to successfully sneak in and grab a Dossier for Dorryza (Hypothermic)

Primary Trait: Gladiatorial
Secondary Trait: Gladiatorial

Cleverness (chance to bail from fights)

No sponsor cheat on last day

Output one giant html file

Misc:
Move Lc0/SF to contestants

 people in relationships heal each other with the medkit

no one on the audience really noticed
on my end it feels like dossiers are far too present for how good they actually are
maybe make them so they have a bonus to doing events kind of like positive/negative relationship?

give kyouko a bespoke apple event lol


Refactoring:

The Fever spreading callback seems a bit legacy -- it should really run in PostEventCallbacks and push an announcement to the announcement queue, not run in postEventWriterCallbacks.

It would be more principled if the non-html output method (just print text out) had its own interface analogous to the HTMLWriter